androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/MapInformation.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapInformation
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapInformation$1
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/BluetoothConnectionService.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothConnectionService
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothConnectionService$AcceptThread
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothConnectionService$ConnectThread
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothConnectionService$ConnectThread$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothConnectionService$ConnectedThread
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/DeviceListAdapter.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.DeviceListAdapter
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/example/MDPGroup7/R.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$anim
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$animator
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$array
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$attr
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$bool
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$color
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$dimen
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$drawable
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$id
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$integer
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$interpolator
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$layout
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$mipmap
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$string
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$style
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$styleable
 com.example.MDPGroup7.R$xml
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/CommsFragment.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.CommsFragment
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.CommsFragment$1
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/example/MDPGroup7/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.BuildConfig
androidx/lifecycle/extensions/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$anim
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$attr
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$color
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$dimen
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$drawable
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$id
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$integer
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$layout
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$string
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$style
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$styleable
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/GridView.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.GridView
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.GridView$Cell
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/BluetoothPopUp.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$10
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$11
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$12
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$2
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$3
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$4
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$5
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$6
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$7
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$8
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.BluetoothPopUp$9
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
com/example/MDPGroup7/MainActivity.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$2
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$3
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$4
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$5
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$6
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$7
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$8
 com.example.MDPGroup7.MainActivity$9
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/GridMap.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.GridMap
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.GridMap$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.GridMap$Cell
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/ReconfigureFragment.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ReconfigureFragment
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ReconfigureFragment$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ReconfigureFragment$2
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/CommsAdapter.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.CommsAdapter
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/ControlFragment.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$10
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$11
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$12
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$13
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$2
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$3
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$4
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$5
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$6
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$7
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$8
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.ControlFragment$9
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/MapTabFragment.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$2
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$3
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$4
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$5
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$6
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$7
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$8
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.MapTabFragment$9
com/example/MDPGroup7/ui/main/DirectionFragment.java
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.DirectionFragment
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.DirectionFragment$1
 com.example.MDPGroup7.ui.main.DirectionFragment$2
